tracker.md, before:

# Tracker

I always use this file to keep track of everything that's on my dev plate. I never commit it to the repo, but for the purpose of the demonstration I am showing here how I work

This file has an .md extension for some IDE highlighting, but in general it does not output a pretty .md. We can consider this my custom format, which is a result of years of trying different things as I go. Best viewed in plaintext format

Pixabay Frontend MVP
Wed 06 Jan 2020
Project Day 0
* Spec: https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox/FMfcgxwKkRCgnsjVLwqLXvLWCRZXMpsz?projector=1&messagePartId=0.1
* Global requirements:
* - Responsive
* - Rich unit tests
* - Code comments
* Pre-PR checks:
* - Feature branch and clean conventional commits
* - Refers to JIRA ticket
* - Cross-platform (Responsive)
* - Cross-browser
* - Localized
* - Storybooked
* - Unit-tested
* - Uses theme
* - JIRA updated after merge
[x] Setup jira
[~] PXB-1 Setup the repo * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-1
    [x] React (create-react-app)
    [x] Typescript & linting
    [x] Atomic design
    [x] Dummy Components
    [x] Localization (i18next)
    [x] Router
    [x] Storybook
    [x] Style (styled-components) & Theme
    [ ] Store (zustand)
    [ ] Local storage (localforage)
    [~] Unit tests (jest, react-testing-library, msw)
    [ ] Document architectural decisions
[ ] PXB-2 Landing page * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-2
    [ ] Fetch images from Pixabay API
        * Pixabay API documentation: https://pixabay.com/api/docs/
        * Pixabay Key: 6473511-0417f2cad683f1bee54cafe15
    [ ] Setup grid layout for images (like http://www.pixabay.com)
    [ ] Paginate results (page numbers or infinite scroll or other)
[ ] PXB-3 Image page * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-3
    [ ] Display target image (bigger version - perhaps hero)
    [ ] Display details (photographer, tags, views, downloads, size)
[-] Fix HMR in storybook conflicting with MSW
    * Looks like this has nothing to do with MSW:
    * https://github.com/storybookjs/presets/issues/177
    [x] Try SB5 and/or CRA3
        * Still doesn't work

# Appendix (things I learned and reading TODOs)
- Be careful of accidentally nesting routers, causes hard to find bugs
- There must be a bug in react-testing-library, as using a regex on sibling items (e.g /Photos|Illustrations|Vectors|Videos|Music/gi) skips every 2nd item. This can be mitigated by increasing DOM nesting or introducing an interim DOM element as a separator between them
- Storybook's HMR is currently badly broken, it caused my machine to freeze way too many times
- https://pixabay.com/ has plenty of custom paddings, margins, font-sizes and colors. I found myself abusing the theme with `calc` quite a few times to achieve the same looks. Would prefer to stick to the theme and remove those hacks

Commit message:

feat: apply breakpoints (+zustand store)

tracker.md, after:

# Tracker

I always use this file to keep track of everything that's on my dev plate. I never commit it to the repo, but for the purpose of the demonstration I am showing here how I work

This file has an .md extension for some IDE highlighting, but in general it does not output a pretty .md. We can consider this my custom format, which is a result of years of trying different things as I go. Best viewed in plaintext format

Pixabay Frontend MVP
Wed 06 Jan 2020
Project Day 0
* Spec: https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox/FMfcgxwKkRCgnsjVLwqLXvLWCRZXMpsz?projector=1&messagePartId=0.1
* Global requirements:
* - Responsive
* - Rich unit tests
* - Code comments
* Pre-PR checks:
* - Feature branch and clean conventional commits
* - Refers to JIRA ticket
* - Cross-platform (Responsive)
* - Cross-browser
* - Localized
* - Storybooked
* - Unit-tested
* - Uses theme
* - JIRA updated after merge
[x] Setup jira
[~] PXB-1 Setup the repo * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-1
    [x] React (create-react-app)
    [x] Typescript & linting
    [x] Atomic design
    [x] Dummy Components
    [x] Localization (i18next)
    [x] Router
    [x] Storybook
    [x] Style (styled-components) & Theme
    [x] Store (zustand)
    [ ] Sample request
    [ ] Local storage (localforage)
    [~] Unit tests (jest, react-testing-library, msw)
    [~] Document architectural decisions
[ ] PXB-2 Landing page * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-2
    [ ] Fetch images from Pixabay API
        * Pixabay API documentation: https://pixabay.com/api/docs/
        * Pixabay Key: 6473511-0417f2cad683f1bee54cafe15
    [ ] Setup grid layout for images (like http://www.pixabay.com)
    [ ] Paginate results (page numbers or infinite scroll or other)
[ ] PXB-3 Image page * https://kmech.atlassian.net/browse/PXB-3
    [ ] Display target image (bigger version - perhaps hero)
    [ ] Display details (photographer, tags, views, downloads, size)
[-] Fix HMR in storybook conflicting with MSW
    * Looks like this has nothing to do with MSW:
    * https://github.com/storybookjs/presets/issues/177
    [x] Try SB5 and/or CRA3
        * Still doesn't work
[ ] Flag bugs found in production
    [ ] Flag to PXB that the burger menu icon and the search icon are cropped at the edges
    [ ] Notify PBX that their sprite map (sprites.svg?2) is pulled like 100 times on https://pixabay.com/images/search/?order=ec

# Appendix (observations, things I learned and reading TODOs)
- Be careful of accidentally nesting routers, causes hard to find bugs
- There must be a bug in react-testing-library, as using a regex on sibling items (e.g /Photos|Illustrations|Vectors|Videos|Music/gi) skips every 2nd item. This can be mitigated by increasing DOM nesting or introducing an interim DOM element as a separator between them
- Storybook's HMR is currently badly broken, it caused my machine to freeze way too many times
- https://pixabay.com/ has plenty of custom paddings, margins, font-sizes and colors. I found myself abusing the theme with `calc` quite a few times to achieve the same looks. Would prefer to stick to the theme and remove those hacks (might involve convincing the design team to buy into some constraints). Also had to change the most common industry breakpoints to pixabay custom ones
- Software open-sourced by PXB: https://goodies.pixabay.com/
- There's a bunch of polish translations missing - I can provide them if needed
